Update full tutorials from develop (#567)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/scenario_management_overview/step_03/ReadMe.md

> You can download the code of this step [here](../src/step_04.py) or all the steps [here](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy-getting-started-core/tree/develop/src).

# Data Node types

> *Time to complete: 15 minutes; Level: Beginner*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Estimated Time for Completion: 15 minutes; Difficulty Level: Beginner*
```

- *[Generic](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/core/config/data-node-config/#generic)*: Taipy provides a generic Data Node that can read and store any data based on a custom _reading_ and _writing_ function created by the user.

> This section uses the simple DAG/execution configuration described below. The configuration consists of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This part utilizes the straightforward DAG/execution setup detailed below. The setup comprises the following components:
```
